Update event-organising.md (#3580)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/community-handbook/accessibility/event-organising.md

6. **Alternative forms of engagement**: At our community calls, we tend to encourage (but absolutely do not enforce!) a video-on culture at our community calls. However, we recognise that this may be both bandwidth-intensive as well as exclusory to those who would not like to engage in this way. At our trainings and workshops, we encourage folks to engage in the ways and mediums that they would like.

## Access and inclusion-related support we provide for in-person events

> 1. **Run a venue tour**:  Before we choose the venue of the event,we make a tour to make sure that it is accessible to everyone. We consider that anyone with a wheelchair or walking support should be able to enter the venue, mobilise through its corridors and use the toilets with minimum support. We also make sure that venue provides a space for: a well-being room, children friendly area, breast-feeding room and praying room.

Reviewer: Just some suggestions for clarity of wording!
```suggestion
1. **Run a venue tour**: Before we choose the venue of the event, we do a tour to make sure that it is accessible to and for everyone. We consider whether or not anyone with a wheelchair or needing walking support should be able to enter the venue, move through its corridors and use the toilets with minimum support. We also make sure that venue provides a space for: a well-being room, children friendly area, breast-feeding room and praying room.
```

> 2. **Be mindful of sensory needs**: We provide quiet spaces, and make attendants aware if there will be loud sounds, videos or lighting, etc. Anyone 

Reviewer: "Anyone" might be an extra word :)
